# animated-memory-purrr-rmd
A repo to contain the example of parameterised reporting using Rmarkdown.

As a part of my talk for the [RLadies Bangalore Community](https://twitter.com/rladiesblr), this repository will serve as an example for how to parameterize rmarkdown and quarto reports (files).

## Project/file structure

All the raw data is stored in the `data_raw` folder. The raw data is the census village amenities directory for the Gujarat state for year 2011. One can look for this dataset [here](https://ndap.niti.gov.in/dataset/7121)

The raw data is cleaned using the script `prepare_data_for_report.R` and is stored in the `data_prepared` folder.

The report is created using the files `district_report.rmd` and `district_report.qmd`. Both these files carry out the same operations and generate the same reports. This duplication is for demonstration purpose. All reports generated by the `.rmd` file are stored in the folder `store_district_RmdReports` and the reports generated by the `.qmd` files are stored in the folder `store_district_QmdReports`. This is again is only for demonstration purpose, one need not make two folders.

The file `generate_parameterised_reports.R` contains code to programmatically generate several reports using the {purrr} abilities.

<Insert directory tree image here>

## A note about Quarto rendering 


The {quarto} package contains a function, `quarto_render()`, which is a mirror for `rmarkdown::render()`. However, in the `quarto::quarto_render` there is no `output_dir` argument. This means that the rendered .html(or any output format) are stored in the same place as the .qmd file. This is why the `district_report.qmd` file is in the `store_district_QmdReports` folder. There is a current issue open on the rstudion community about this as well. [To read more click here.](https://community.rstudio.com/t/output-directory-in-quarto-cli-not-respected/143762/6)
